Basic Array Operations
1. Sum of all elements of the array
2. Average of all elements in the array
3. Copy the elements of one array into another array
4. Reverse an array without using an additional array
5. Insert a new value in an unsorted array at a specific position
6. Delete an element from a specific position in the array
7. Find the index of a specific element in the array

Sum and Average Calculations
1. Sum of even numbers in an array
2. Sum of odd numbers in an array
3. Average of even numbers in an array
4. Average of odd numbers in an array
5. Average of prime numbers in an array
6. Average of non-prime numbers in an array

Finding Specific Elements
1. Find the largest element in an array without sorting
2. Find the smallest element in an array without sorting
3. Find the second largest element in an array without sorting
4. Find the second smallest element in an array without sorting
5. Find the third largest element in an array
6. Find the third smallest element in an array

Sorting Operations
1. Sort elements of an array in ascending order
2. Sort elements of an array in descending order
3. Insert a new value in a sorted array

Moving and Replacing Elements
1. Move all zeros to the beginning of an array without sorting
2. Move all zeros to the end of an array
3. Move all negative numbers to the beginning of an array without sorting *
4. Replace all negative elements in the array with zeros
5. Replace prime numbers by their index position

Separating and Merging
1. Separate odd and even integers into separate arrays
2. Separate even and odd elements into two separate arrays
3. Merge two unsorted arrays in sorted order
4. Merge two arrays into a third array

Frequency and Duplication
1. Count the frequency of each element of an array
2. Print all unique elements in an array
3. Print duplicate elements in an array
4. Find the most repeated number in an array
5. Find array elements that occur 2 times in the array
6. Find array elements that occur exactly three times
7. Remove duplicates from the array

Prime and Non-Prime Numbers
1. Find prime numbers in an array
2. Find non-prime numbers in an array
3. Remove all the odd numbers in an array
4. Remove all the even numbers in an array
5. Remove all the prime numbers in an array
6. Find unique non-prime numbers in an array
7. Remove all the prime numbers and remove all the non-prime numbers
8. Find non-prime numbers in an array and insert their double after the same *

Deletion Operations
1. Delete two elements after the occurrence of an even number
2. Delete two elements after the occurrence of a prime number
3. Delete two elements after the occurrence of an odd number
4. Delete three elements after the occurrence of a prime number
5. Delete three elements after the occurrence of a non-prime number

Miscellaneous
1. Find the element that appears more than n/2 times in the array
2. Find unique non-prime numbers in an array
3. Find the frequency of all elements in the array
4. Print an array in reverse order
5. Find the maximum and minimum element in an array